I'm peeling the preparation to perform
an artistic brain takes a piece of
tubular cardboard of 50 x 30 centimeters
now with the ruler measured from each
side 5 centimeters inward trace
the resulting rectangle with a scalpel
review the lines as an incision
cut one end and the opposite to this
well once weakened the cardboard with
the incisions fold and with tape we are going to
put together a box then with col bon
dissolved in water and a brush spread the
surface on top and covers the cord
making use of paper technique
machine
until you get a sturdy box
painted with red color makes a
grid over the surface of 2
centimeters per column and 4 centimeters
by rows you will find the points of
paint them with a marker now with
Markers of different color binds the
points of the three columns of the
left with the points of the columns
from the right pierces with a soldering iron the
surface of the box using this matrix
now take the telephone cable and
insert it into the rivet tighten what
so that it does not come out using the pliers
insert the rivets through the holes
of the surface following the plane
made with the colored markers
Repeat this action the number of times
required by the front face of the box
Performs three holes with the soldering iron
where the cables and the ceiling will pass with
the bulb one of the cables what
we will stick to one end of the ceiling and the
another end will go to the red wire of the
battery holder
the black cable of the battery holder
we connect to the cable that in its
end has the green alligator cut
a cardboard for the back of the
artistic brain that will serve as cover and
we will make a door for the change
of batteries and on a cardboard of 20 x 30
centimeters performed to the left side
questions and on the right side the
answers like for example painter's
surrealism response salvador dali and
with green and yellow alligators looking
the questions with your correct answer